{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\f0\fs52 WinZip\up28\'ae\up0  Quick Start Guide \par
\b0\fs20\par
\b Copyright \'a9 1991-2000, WinZip Computing, Inc.\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
WinZip is a registered trademark of WinZip Computing, Inc.\b0\par
\pard\par
\par
\b\fs36 About the Quick Start Guide\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 This Guide introduces some file compression terms, describes some of the initial steps in installing WinZip, and provides a first look at using some WinZip features. For additional information, see the online tutorials that come with WinZip, the WinZip online Help file, and visit the WinZip web site at http://www.winzip.com\par
\fs24\par
\b\fs36 What is an Archive or Zip file, anyway?\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 Zip files are "archives" used for storing and distributing files, and can contain one or more files.  Usually the files "archived" in a Zip are compressed to save space. Zip files are often used to:\par
\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b\fs22 Distribute files on the Internet:\b0  Only one Zip file transfer operation (download) is required to obtain all related files and file transfer is quicker because the archived files are compressed.\par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b\fs22 Send a group of related files to an associate:\b0  When you distribute the collection of files as an archive you benefit from the file grouping and compression as well.\par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b\fs22 Save disk space:\b0  If you have large files that are important but seldom used, such as large data files, simply compress these files into an archive and then unzip (or "extract") them only when needed. \par
\pard\tx360\fs24\par
\pard\b\fs36 What does WinZip do?\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 WinZip makes it easy for Windows users to work with archives.  WinZip features an intuitive point-and-click drag-and-drop interface for viewing, running, extracting, adding, and deleting files in archives with a standard Windows interface, and also provides a Wizard interface that further simplifies the process of working with Zip files.  \par
\fs24\par
\b\fs36 About WinZip's Setup Options\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 During the WinZip setup procedure you are asked to select either the WinZip Wizard interface or the WinZip Classic interface.\par
\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b\fs22 WinZip Wizard: \b0 If you are new to computers, or unfamiliar with the Windows operating system, then you should first try using the WinZip Wizard to open and create your Zip files.\par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b\fs22 WinZip Classic:\b0  The more powerful WinZip Classic interface is recommended if you are an experienced computer user, comfortable with using Windows and Zip files.\par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard\fs22 In the following section we will describe the WinZip Wizard Setup screens. With either interface, the setup panels provide information about the options offered. Whichever setup option you choose, you can easily switch between the two interfaces at any time with a single click, and you can always change the default settings later.\par
.PB\par
\b\fs36 Installing the WinZip Wizard\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 We will refer to the on-screen panels using the title that appears at the top of each panel.\par
\fs12\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\fs22 1.\tab In the WinZip Setup panel, select "Start with the WinZip Wizard" and click "Next". The Search for Favorite Zip Folders panel will appear.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 2.\tab In the Search for Favorite Zip Folders\b  \b0 panel, select "Search Entire Hard Disk" so the Wizard can search your system for Zip files (this is the recommended option).  You will see the search progress, and then a panel that says something like "17 folders were added to your 'Favorite Zip Folders'". Click "Next".\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 3.\tab The Wizard will open an Explorer window displaying the WinZip program group icons. Click "Next" to continue, and the Wizard Welcome panel will appear.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 4.\tab In the Wizard Welcome panel, click "Next" again, and the Select Activity panel will appear.\par
\pard\fs12\par
\fs22 That's it, you have installed WinZip, and you're ready to begin using the WinZip Wizard. The sections below describe using the Wizard for unzipping and zipping files.\par
\fs24\par
\b\fs36 Using the WinZip Wizard\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 If you have just installed WinZip and selected the WinZip Wizard interface, then at this point the Select Activity panel is on the screen.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 If you have previously installed WinZip, you can start a WinZip session using the WinZip program item in the WinZip program group, the Start menu, or the WinZip icon on your desktop.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 Here is a brief introduction to the features of the WinZip Wizard.\par
\fs24\par
\b\fs26 Quick Unzipping with the WinZip Wizard\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 1.\tab In the Select Activity panel, select "Unzip or install from an existing Zip file" and click "Next". The Select Zip File panel will appear. \par
\fs12\par
\fs22 2.\tab In the Select Zip File panel, click on the Zip file you want to work with and click "Next". The Unzip panel will appear.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 3.\tab In the Unzip panel, click "Unzip Now" to open the files in the archive. The WinZip Wizard will open a Windows Explorer window showing the unzipped files.\par
\pard\fs12\par
\fs22 That's it, you've just unzipped (extracted) a Zip file using the WinZip Wizard. You can now work with the unzipped files, or click "Next" to select another activity within WinZip, or close the WinZip Wizard window.\par
\fs24\par
\b\fs26 Quick Zipping with the WinZip Wizard\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 1.\tab In the Select Activity panel, select "Create a new Zip file" and click "Next".\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 2.\tab In the Choose Zip Name panel, type the name you want to use for your new Zip file and click "Next". For example, if you are creating a Zip file that will contain some files related to yearly reports, you might type "1999 reports" as the name for your Zip file.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 3.\tab In the Select Files panel, click "Add files" to add files to your Zip file, then select the files you want to add and click "OK".\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 4.\tab Click "Zip Now" to create the new Zip file.\par
\fs12\par
\pard\fs22 That's it, you've just created a Zip file using the WinZip Wizard. You can now click the "WinZip Classic" button if you would like to examine the contents of your new archive, or click "Next" to select another activity within WinZip, or close the WinZip Wizard window.\par
\fs20 .PB\b\par
\fs36 Using WinZip Classic\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 Here is a brief introduction to some of the features of WinZip Classic.\par
\fs24\par
\b\fs26 Quick Unzipping with WinZip Classic\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 1.\tab In the WinZip Window click the "Open" toolbar button, or select Open Archive from the File menu. The Open Archive dialog box will appear.\par
\fs12   \par
\fs22 2.\tab In the Open Archive dialog box you can locate the archive you want to unzip. Then click "Open". The contents of the archive will be displayed in the WinZip window.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 3.\tab To Extract files from the archive click the "Extract" toolbar button, or select Extract\'85 from the Actions menu. The Extract dialog box will appear.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 4.\tab In the box labeled "Extract to:" choose the folder where you want to place the extracted files and click "Extract".\par
\fs12\par
\pard\fs22 That's it, you have extracted the contents of the archive to the chosen directory. You can now work with the extracted files, or select another activity within WinZip, or close the WinZip window.\par
\fs12\par
\cf1\b\i\fs22 Note:\i0  \b0 You can also extract files from an archive in the WinZip Classic window by dragging them to the desired folder in Windows Explorer or to the desktop.\par
\fs24\par
\cf0\b\fs26 Quick Zipping with WinZip Classic\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 1.\tab In the WinZip Window click the "New" toolbar button, or select New Archive from the File menu. The New Archive dialog box will appear.\par
\fs12   \par
\fs22 2.\tab In the New Archive dialog box you can specify the location where you want to create the archive, and type the name you want to use for your new archive. Then click "OK". The Add dialog box will appear.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 3.\tab In the Add dialog box select the files that you want to add to your new archive and click "Add". \par
\pard\fs12\par
\fs22 That's it, you have created a new archive. You can now examine the contents of your new archive, or select another activity within WinZip, or close the WinZip window.\par
\fs12\par
\b\i\fs22 Note\b0 :\i0  You can also add files to an archive by dragging the files from My Computer or the Windows Explorer and dropping the files on the WinZip window.\par
\b\fs24\par
\fs36 WinZip Classic and Wizard: Switching Interfaces\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 You can easily switch between the WinZip Wizard and WinZip Classic Interfaces with a single mouse click. Here's how:\par
\fs12\par
\b\fs22 In WinZip Wizard \b0 click the "WinZip Classic" button at the lower left part of the Wizard panel to switch to the WinZip Classic Interface.\par
\fs12\par
\b\fs22 In WinZip Classic \b0 click the "Wizard" button at the upper right end of the WinZip Classic toolbar to switch to the WinZip Wizard Interface.\par
\fs20 .PB\par
\b\fs36 WinZip Classic Tips\par
\cf1\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 You can view the contents of most files in an archive by just double-clicking on them in the WinZip Classic window.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 You can extract files from an archive in the WinZip Classic window by dragging them to the desired folder in Windows Explorer or to the desktop.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 Using the WinZip Classic Help menu, you can:\par
\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\fs22 work with the built-in Brief Tutorial to get acquainted with more of WinZip's features\par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\fs22 view collections of Hints and Tips\par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\fs22 find answers to Frequently Asked Questions\par
\pard\cf0\b\fs24\par
\fs36 Zip and Unzip Files without Leaving the Explorer\par
\b0\fs12\par
\b\fs22 To create an archive\b0\i :\i0  you can select file(s) in the Windows Explorer, right click, and choose "Add to Zip" from the context menu that appears.\par
\fs12\par
\b\fs22 To extract files from an archive:\b0  you can select the archive in Windows Explorer, and either:\par
\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\fs22 right click and select "Extract to..." from the context menu that appears, or \par
\pard\tx360\fs12\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\fs22 right click and drag the archive onto the folder where you want it extracted, and then select an extract option from the context menu that appears.\par
\pard\tx360\fs24\par
\pard\b\fs36 Contacting Technical Support\par
\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 You can contact our technical support staff as follows:\par
\fs12\par
\b\fs22 Internet:\b0   The best way to report problems on the Internet is with the support forms available from the "Support" link on the WinZip home page (\cf2\ul http://www.winzip.com)\cf0\ulnone . You can also send electronic mail to \cf2\ul help@winzip.com\cf0\ulnone . We normally answer all questions within one business day.\par
\fs12\par
\b\fs22 Postal Mail:\b0   Write to Technical Support, WinZip Computing, Inc., P.O. Box 540, Mansfield, CT 06268, USA.\par
\fs12\par
\b\fs22 Please include the following information with any technical support questions:\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs12\par
\fs22 1.\tab Is the problem reproducible? If so, how?\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 2.\tab What version of Windows are you running? For example, Windows 95 or Windows NT.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 3.\tab What version of WinZip are you running? If you are using the WinZip Classic Interface, then select About WinZip from the WinZip Help menu. Please include the entire "version" line in your problem report. If you are using the WinZip Wizard Interface, then select the "About" button on the WinZip Wizard Welcome screen.\par
\fs12\par
\fs22 4.\tab If a dialog box with an error message was displayed, please include the full text of the dialog box, including the title in the title bar.\par
\pard\fs20\par
}
 